TELCODOCS-903: Graceful Node Shutdown (#56770)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-nodes-verifying-graceful-shutdown.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
// * nodes/nodes-nodes-graceful-shutdown

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nodes-nodes-verifying-graceful-shutdown_{context}"]
= Verifying that graceful node shutdown is active

> Since graceful node shutdown is part of all openshift clusters by default, the principle source of information about graceful node shutdown operation can be obtained from a vanilla must-gather (in `host_service_logs/masters/kubelet_service.log`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Graceful node shutdown is part of all openshift clusters by default. You can use the `oc adm must-gather` command to see more information about the graceful node shutdown operation in the `host_service_logs/masters/kubelet_service.log` file.
```

Author: Done.

> You can verify if graceful node shutdown is configured and operating:

Author: OK

> 

Author: Done.

> 1. Set kubelet log verbosity to maximum.

Author: Done.

> 2. Look for log messages similar to the following in kubelet logs, with values for `shutdownGracePeriod` corresponding to the values configured for the cluster:

Author: Done.
